[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, and we're
actually gonna skip past this one too,
because I think it's also
pretty straightforward.
Again, this is all in
the spirit of iterating slowly,
like working our way into Webpack world.
Because even with the way the we had it,
it's still not technically
explicit dependencies.
We need to like,
we're acquiring this file but
it's just tacking stuff
onto the window dot app.
So we want to instead require specific
things from those different modules and
then from each one of these modules
we want to export specific things.
Here we're using a CommonJS.
I start with CommonJS because I feel like
most of you are probably more familiar
with CommonJS than you
are with your six modules.
We'll move on to modules
a little bit later.
But yeah, that's the basic idea
of what we're doing in this step,
is making the exports explicit
as well as the imports of
the require statements explicit.
And the cool thing about that is now if,
let's say that in this helpers file or
inside of app.js we require helpers.
But we somehow we don't end up
using helpers in this file at all,
then we know that we don't not only do
not need to require it in this file, but
maybe we don't need that
file in our project at all.
We can get rid of it.
So that's having explicit dependencies
solves a lot of problems.
Just kind of out of the box for us.